Serenna Beers: Morning.
Good morning.
Serenna Beers: How are you on this April 14 today.
Tricia Frederick: Support
Serenna Beers: It is
Tricia Frederick: I don't know, I just have my thing. Tell me what a reminder, I have an appointment. That's
Tricia Frederick: It seemed to run into each other.
Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Um, well, I'm Serena, I believe I'm your, I'm your other therapists. In fact, I don't believe I know I am, and I am going to do your
Serenna Beers: Maybe I should start over. Right.
From
Serenna Beers: Where we're going to do your bio psychosocial this morning. It's pretty painless, it should take us about 20 minutes. Have you ever done an assessment.
Tricia Frederick: Yeah, long time ago in Arizona.
Tricia Frederick: Okay. They do me SM H
Serenna Beers: O or
Tricia Frederick: Semi yeah
Serenna Beers: SM I'm not familiar with that and
Tricia Frederick: Barely mentally ill.
Serenna Beers: I know like depression. A anxiety disorder. I haven't actually I I know there's major depressive disorder, and then they have like the mild to moderate and severe so I assume that that's that's what that is.
Tricia Frederick: Yes, I tried to commit suicide. A couple of times.
Serenna Beers: Oh, goodness. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Well, that's one of our questions that we will go over this is just basically for me to to get a history.
Serenna Beers: Honestly, Tricia, so that I know how to better you know serve, serve you and and what types of things that I can help you with during your time here with us at bright heart health. So if it's alright with you. I will just start asking you the questions.
Tricia Frederick: Go right on ahead.
Serenna Beers: Okay, so tell me what what brings you to bright her house and why now.
Tricia Frederick: Um, okay, so three and a half years ago, I was on a lot of opiates a lot for pain.
Tricia Frederick: I broken my back twice, and I have hip problems and you know it all goes on and and and and you know 60 something I'm good.
Tricia Frederick: I'm so
Tricia Frederick: I just had knee surgery. Last year I walk really funny. And I have really bad back problems because
Tricia Frederick: That's where I'm in and pain management, um,
Tricia Frederick: I wanted to get off all the opiates, but they told me I had to turn around and say I'm an addict to get help here in Crescent City. I moved from Arizona.
Okay.
Tricia Frederick: So that's exactly what I did. You know what, yes, absolutely. I'm an addict, you take those away and I had withdrawals. So I considered myself an app.
Tricia Frederick: Um, when I started the program. What I did not realize was I was using other drugs also
Tricia Frederick: To run away from a lot of things that I never dealt with in my childhood.
Okay.
Tricia Frederick: So three, three and a half years ago, I
Tricia Frederick: Decided that
Tricia Frederick: I needed to change and I needed to learn why I had these problems skill and I needed to deal with a few things so that I could get over not get over bit past walk through
Serenna Beers: Okay, yeah.
Tricia Frederick: So that's what I did. That's what I did. I cleaned up my act. I got into every single mental health group, I could. Um, I had a lot of domestic violence in my first marriage.
Tricia Frederick: So that I never dealt with.
Tricia Frederick: My sexual abuse my mother told me I lied. I that I never dealt with.
Tricia Frederick: So all of this. I'm not dealing with made it real easy when I took the opiates to go, you know what, I don't think about that.
Serenna Beers: Huh.
Tricia Frederick: So since 1999 I was taking opiates and not dealing with any of it. And so it had, I had a lot of baggage to work through
Tricia Frederick: Then that's where I sit, today I'm three and a half years, clean, I say clean I'm three and a half years off opiates and bentos
Tricia Frederick: And I'm doing the best I can.
Serenna Beers: Well, I mean, I, I would imagine, everybody's definition is of will clean is different. But here's the reality. You are on Medicaid it medic medication assisted treatment, which is you're sober.
Serenna Beers: Just mere my you might take the sub you text correct or not.
Tricia Frederick: Yes, boxing. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: You are on that, but that's a, you know, The you that's something you're doing to take care of yourself so
Serenna Beers: Smear
Tricia Frederick: That's absolutely I don't look at it. I don't look at it as
Tricia Frederick: Oh my god, I'm not clean because I'm taking Suboxone no I don't look at it that way at all.
Serenna Beers: You stay clean because you're taking Suboxone
Tricia Frederick: Absolutely. You know, I walked through the rooms of Narcotics Anonymous for quite a while. When I first first got into this program.
Tricia Frederick: And
Tricia Frederick: I walked through the rooms long enough to realize most of the people were on Suboxone going, oh no, why not
Tricia Frederick: And I was going
Tricia Frederick: Well, yes.
Tricia Frederick: You know,
Um,
Tricia Frederick: So I decided to walk myself out of those rooms, because I wanted to deal with things. Honestly, I didn't want to turn around and go, Oh, I'm smoking pot. Oh my god.
Tricia Frederick: No, it's legal down and I'm smoking it for the CBD effects.
Tricia Frederick: Okay, so I smoke it.
Tricia Frederick: And yeah, every now and then I'll turn around and get this stuff. It's not so you know I had the THC in it. Okay, and helps my attitude I don't take a benzo because of that. So I'm okay with it.
Tricia Frederick: Mm hmm. And I got tired of being judged by the people that were doing the same thing. I was but not being honest.
Serenna Beers: Ah, which you see that a lot. And that's that that's really difficult. I mean, because we're already harder on ourselves than anybody else could ever be harder on us. So
Serenna Beers: To throw that judgment that feeling of being judged on top of it all, it's like who really needs all that right
Tricia Frederick: Yeah, I have one my
Tricia Frederick: I have a tattoo on my wrist. This is only God can judge me because I got started people judging me from, you know,
Serenna Beers: It started to migrate saying
Tricia Frederick: Yeah, and all the judgment started with my mother.
Uh huh.
Tricia Frederick: Everybody bit of it.
Tricia Frederick: Because I know I was not my mother's favorite
Serenna Beers: Child. Okay.
Tricia Frederick: But that's okay they're dead. Now I don't have to worry
Tricia Frederick: Anymore.
Serenna Beers: Well, so tell me about your story. So you went into a little bit but like your story with substances as far as like
Serenna Beers: When you were first exposed age, you know, up to the point where I'm in which you did share with me basically how it's pro how it's pro progressed, but specifically. So you said that you were addicted to the opiates and the Bezos correct
Tricia Frederick: Yes, it got to that, um, I never did any drugs, up until I was 17 1617 I I am. It was when I married my first husband. Okay. And he introduced me to drugs. He was in the Navy already and I was just turning 15 1616
Tricia Frederick: And
Tricia Frederick: My mother found a great opportunity to get rid of me. So I married this and I knew, I'm six weeks and I married him.
Tricia Frederick: What a what a
Tricia Frederick: Oh my god, I never knew how badly that man treated me
Tricia Frederick: You know, oh my god.
Serenna Beers: You mean you never knew until you were removed from the situation right or from the
Serenna Beers: Yes relationship. Okay.
Tricia Frederick: Yeah, my, um, so okay um my current husband.
Tricia Frederick: I knew him when I was married to my first house. Well, I knew him in high school before I even knew my first customer.
Mm hmm.
Tricia Frederick: And as a matter of fact, my first husband and I babysit him when his, his mother and father went for vacation, so I babysit. This guy anyway 11 and a half years later we move up the road.
Tricia Frederick: I was on Mount Soledad in San Diego and
Tricia Frederick: This guy was driving around in his car.
Tricia Frederick: And when he stopped. I went up and I tapped on his window. And I said, I just needed to tell you, you add the most gorgeous I'd ever seen. He goes, isn't your name, Tricia and I say, Jimmy.
Tricia Frederick: Three days later, me and my ex. I just kicked him out of the house and Jimmy kind of moved in the house because he knew how violent my
Tricia Frederick: And that's what happened to, He came back that next morning to get me and he found Jim there and Jimmy said there's not going to be any violence here.
Serenna Beers: He goes, if there is going to be between you and I
Tricia Frederick: I'm
Tricia Frederick: From that day on, that was 30 years ago.
Tricia Frederick: Yeah, and Jimmy and I have been together ever since.
Serenna Beers: That's amazing.
Tricia Frederick: And he treats me like the queen.
Serenna Beers: That, that means
Serenna Beers: To be in a relationship like like that.
Serenna Beers: Is huge after you've come so far from being in one that was so abusive. Can I place you on hold, just for a second.
Serenna Beers: I've got a switch my shirt I'm thinking I'm having some hot flashes here, so hang on tight.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Hey, hang on, real quick.
Absolutely.
Serenna Beers: Apologize, but I
Tricia Frederick: Right before you came on, I was in a long sleeve shirt and had to do the same thing. It was like
Oh,
Tricia Frederick: Well, that's
Serenna Beers: quite embarrassing but I appreciate your, your understanding. Okay, so, so now you are with Jim correct
Serenna Beers: Yes. And you all have been married, I assume, or no.
Serenna Beers: Yes. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Absolutely.
Serenna Beers: For how long
Tricia Frederick: Um, let's see, we just celebrated 30 years and we been together about 35 because it took me four years to marry him, because I was so afraid. Who's gonna check
Because that's what my
Tricia Frederick: So it was like, you know, I'm not gonna. No, no, every day. This man asked me to marry him, drove me absolutely next word to the point where finally I just looked at him go. Fine. Let's just go.
Serenna Beers: Um, well, it's okay. So tell me about you, you went into it a little bit so you kind of answered, like all of my bio psychosocial questions but but I'm just going to like ask you to expound on certain ones.
Serenna Beers: You mentioned for the chronic pain that you had broken your back. But what what was the precipitating event was that the one that started it all was when
Serenna Beers: You broke
Serenna Beers: broke your back and then you were put on the pain meds, of which you had work that you were on since 1999
Tricia Frederick: And it is
Serenna Beers: progressively got worse as far as the amount you had to take
Tricia Frederick: To manage
Serenna Beers: That pain and
Tricia Frederick: Yes, ma'am.
Tricia Frederick: knows it.
Tricia Frederick: You've probably heard this story more often than I've told it. Do you know what I mean. Because I've heard it from so many people that that's how they've started also
Tricia Frederick: And yeah, because my doctor said you know back then. He even said to me. No, no, these, these you can go on and all these no
Serenna Beers: Yeah.
Tricia Frederick: And it just got worse and worse to the point where then I was introduced to oxy cotton.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Tricia Frederick: Yeah, and I got up, I was taking like 680 milligrams of oxy cotton, plus all of my breakthrough, plus all I was piggybacking on top on top, plus all of my Xanax, oh my god, my Xanax
Tricia Frederick: Wow, I did not know I had such a problem.
Tricia Frederick: Yeah I embarrass myself one day up at the group. It was terrible serene. It was terrible. That was the last time I ever used a benzo
Serenna Beers: Was it the way you acted was. I mean, was that was that kind of your breaking point with Bezos
Tricia Frederick: Yes, ma'am.
Serenna Beers: Okay, and
Serenna Beers: And then you mentioned to that you had you have had a history of substance abuse.
Serenna Beers: Yes, history, like a treat. Treatment history.
Serenna Beers: Yes. Can you go into a little bit more specifics around your treatment history with mental health as well as with substance abuse.
Tricia Frederick: Okay, so
Tricia Frederick: I was taking an awful lot of Ben's owes and
Tricia Frederick: Both of my kids have moved out my son, my oldest son was in prison. He had just gotten out of prison and he was using heroin at my home and I didn't realize he was a heroin addict.
Tricia Frederick: I never in my life thought
Tricia Frederick: Anyway, um,
Tricia Frederick: So, there, there, got to be a point where I felt
Tricia Frederick: In a really, really small box.
Tricia Frederick: And that's one of my big fears.
Tricia Frederick: Is being in a box.
Tricia Frederick: My ex husband used to take a that was a form of punishment. Anyway, um,
Tricia Frederick: So I tried to commit suicide and
Tricia Frederick: They put me my husband and my son.
Tricia Frederick: Put me in a
Tricia Frederick: Mental health facility in Arizona, that just absolutely
Tricia Frederick: opened my eyes to an awful lot of things. But it hadn't opened it totally. You know what I mean. So, so my eyes were open like this much.
Serenna Beers: Were you did, did they put you in there. What was it voluntary or involuntary. Okay.
Tricia Frederick: No, it was
Tricia Frederick: voluntary or involuntary. So my son and my husband looked at me and said, you're going to do this.
Tricia Frederick: And I said, Okay, I'll sign up for her.
Tricia Frederick: Okay, so, but it was
Tricia Frederick: I didn't look at it as they were punishing me at the time I looked at it as they were trying to help. And they didn't know how
Okay.
Tricia Frederick: And
Tricia Frederick: Like I I noticed a lot of those spheres coming back. Now with this that's going on with the coronavirus I know I you know I
Tricia Frederick: You know that fear of being alone.
Tricia Frederick: My husband's having really really bad. High blood pressure problems right now.
Tricia Frederick: Okay. And there's this in here, there's this inherent fear of being alone.
Tricia Frederick: That keeps me up at night, almost nightly
Tricia Frederick: And I'm
Tricia Frederick: You know,
Tricia Frederick: I take propranolol from my anxiety.
Tricia Frederick: And I've been noticing the last month that I'm having to take like three at a time.
And
Tricia Frederick: And I've never had to take three at a time. I rarely take two at a time.
Tricia Frederick: But most of the time it's like one one's enough, you know,
Serenna Beers: Does your doctor know that you're taking three at a time. Okay, good.
Tricia Frederick: Oh yeah yeah yeah I wait 30
Tricia Frederick: Minutes and if I my anxiety hasn't gone away. I'm allowed to take another one.
Tricia Frederick: Okay, I've never had to go, I, I've never had to take three but yet my anxiety lately because of my husband's just really been a
Serenna Beers: How long has it. Have you felt like this, as far as kind of and what I hear you describing is almost like an impending sense of doom.
Tricia Frederick: Yeah.
Tricia Frederick: It has been like it's been at least a month or so. Because when the coronavirus king came on, it was like a. Oh, and on top of, you know,
When I
Tricia Frederick: You know, I try to laugh it off because that's my way of dealing with a lot of stuff. Sure.
Tricia Frederick: Is to just turn your face around and you just laugh it off and go okay Everything's gonna be fine.
Tricia Frederick: Except for that pit in my stomach that says no, everything's not going to be fine.
Right.
Serenna Beers: So, so what types of things do you do at night when you're unable to sleep. And first, I just want to let you know.
Serenna Beers: That the fact that you struggle more at night with with with sleep when you feel more anxious is pretty
Serenna Beers: Normal
Serenna Beers: A lot of people do that. As a matter of fact.
Serenna Beers: For people who struggle struggle with anxiety.
Serenna Beers: I do. I have good days and I have bad days. Right. Yeah. And I don't necessarily have anything that's going on in my life. I don't have a sick husband, but I do have worries and fears. Right. But I will literally my eyeballs are both bulging out of my head at like 1am
Serenna Beers: And I used to fight it, but something that you can do is, is, is look at the things that you're doing to
Serenna Beers: To to work that out. So if you are having anxiety and you're up at night and you're pacing and you're ruminating on all the things that you're anxious about that kind of will only well not kind of that will actually
Serenna Beers: exacerbate yeah
Tricia Frederick: It does so, so really looking at what you could do.
Serenna Beers: To put yourself.
Serenna Beers: Can Can troll because that's really what it is. It's lack of control.
Tricia Frederick: Okay, so I'll show you exactly what I do.
Okay.
Tricia Frederick: Can you see this
Serenna Beers: Yes. Oh, are you, are you puzzling.
Tricia Frederick: It's diamond beaming. It's called diamond painting.
Tricia Frederick: Oh, wow. Um, I kick little diamonds on
Tricia Frederick: My husband says he can't do it. It's too tedious, but it's
Tricia Frederick: Oh, I don't. Okay, so there's nothing to think about. Like it with crochet and you have to do like learn character count, you know,
Tricia Frederick: I don't do that knitting. I don't knit.
Tricia Frederick: So I found this diamond game thing and you see them all around my house. It's
Serenna Beers: No, actually, is that a boat and a lighthouse was that just
Tricia Frederick: Yes. Yeah, I've got this
Tricia Frederick: Identical.
Tricia Frederick: Thing with lighthouse. See, I love I'll walk you around my house.
Tricia Frederick: So I've got this thing with lighthouses now know what it is but alright so step my bathroom. So here's a few
Tricia Frederick: Good. I've done
Tricia Frederick: Just some flowers.
Serenna Beers: Very cool.
Tricia Frederick: And years the lighthouse is starting with the lighthouses. Oh, yeah. So I've got like 1234 lighthouses so far.
Tricia Frederick: All these are diamond paintings. Every one of these are diamond paintings. Here's my. Oh, I love that one.
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm.
Tricia Frederick: These are so yeah that's my big one.
Tricia Frederick: And then I have a hallway. It goes all the way up. This is Crater Lake
Serenna Beers: Oh, wow.
Tricia Frederick: Cuz I can, I can take a custom picture and make them. Here's my
Tricia Frederick: Oh my goodness.
Tricia Frederick: It goes up my stairwell.
Tricia Frederick: See, we've got fairies. Here's another lighthouse. Okay, there's another lighthouse.
Tricia Frederick: I didn't realize it so many night lighthouses
Serenna Beers: So,
Tricia Frederick: I just
Serenna Beers: Oh, I love that. That is so nice.
Tricia Frederick: Yes. And then this peak one
Tricia Frederick: I'm waiting to get a few more kinks that we're missing.
Tricia Frederick: Mm hmm. And as soon as I get that I'll be able to finish that one. But that's, you know, so far.
Serenna Beers: So let me ask you in the last minute and a half that you've been describing to me these things that fill your heart with joy, where, where's your anxiety at right now in the current moment.
Tricia Frederick: About a three.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: Was it higher.
Serenna Beers: Three or four minutes ago.
Tricia Frederick: This morning, no.
Serenna Beers: Okay, so one of the things that I that I just want to bring to light is when you feel anxious. A good distraction is by doing something
Serenna Beers: That brings out
Serenna Beers: Happiness or emotions that feel calm calming. So if to diamond paint.
Serenna Beers: Helps to re relax your mind, then I would say really honestly use use those skills because avoiding you know like running from the emotion is definitely not a way to handle it, because it's gonna be there and then also things like this, you know, talking to someone
Tricia Frederick: Yeah yeah calm.
Tricia Frederick: app on my phone.
Serenna Beers: Oh, you do. I also have it. It's very cool.
Tricia Frederick: I love that thing. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: And
Tricia Frederick: I do everything I can. I'm I've looked into others that you know, just to make sure that I try. I, I don't want to step into the world at all, again at all, you know,
Tricia Frederick: Like cats going nuts right now.
Tricia Frederick: I have two kids well they're not kittens anymore, but they're juveniles.
Ah,
Tricia Frederick: Yeah, I, I had a cat that was
Tricia Frederick: My body for 20 some odd years
Tricia Frederick: Hmm, and we had to put her down them.
Tricia Frederick: So sorry.
Tricia Frederick: And before that, when she was getting my husband decided that he was going to get to kittens and they were going to be my response.
Serenna Beers: Oh my gosh.
Tricia Frederick: Can I go. Yeah, they are.
Tricia Frederick: And I'll tell you what, though they brought the most joy in my life and longest cut, you know, it's like, I haven't had this much fun.
Tricia Frederick: With animals in a long, long time.
Serenna Beers: So it's great.
Tricia Frederick: Oh I'm sorry my head so big.
Serenna Beers: Oh, that's okay.
Serenna Beers: So,
Serenna Beers: Coming back to you had described your mental health and substance abuse history. Was there any additional to report. You mentioned the ones suit suit suicide attempt. But I thought earlier you had mentioned that, that there were a few of them.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, okay.
Serenna Beers: So it was writing share those
Serenna Beers: With me
Tricia Frederick: Well, it was right around the same time, it was, it wasn't even. It was like in the same month
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Tricia Frederick: And it was that third attempt at my husband just and I don't think they were so much attempts, as it were, they were
Serenna Beers: Quite sure how
Tricia Frederick: Much mess.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Tricia Frederick: You know, and, and my son and my husband were just like you got to stop this shit.
Tricia Frederick: Yeah, okay.
Serenna Beers: What about. Okay, so then you, you have had a history of suicidal ideation. What about homicidal. Have you ever wanted to harm anyone else you know where you just had a thought.
Tricia Frederick: My ex husband.
Tricia Frederick: When he was beating on me. But that was about all
Tricia Frederick: I mean, no, there wasn't. There's if you if you take me out of that situation. No man there's not
Okay.
Tricia Frederick: But
Tricia Frederick: Um yeah you know i'd look i'd say to myself, if I could only
Write
Serenna Beers: Well, and, and you really don't know. I mean, if you look at the site cycle of abuse. It's like, have you ever heard of boiling frog.
Tricia Frederick: No.
Serenna Beers: Syndrome. So that's what what we we call in the psychology field oftentimes
Serenna Beers: survivors of domestic violence domestic violence. So if you're if you're a frog and you're in
Serenna Beers: A water you're in water and it starts to boil. You don't realize that you're burning to death because you were in it when it was cold and as the temperature rises, you just become more comfortable so your body adjust until you die because your boil. Right.
Tricia Frederick: Right.
Serenna Beers: It's an analogy, which actually makes a lot of sense. But you don't see those types of things until you remove yourself from the situation. And so, but with that comes, you know, I mean, there's this whole cycle of a abuse, you know, the go through all the stages, you know, where
Serenna Beers: The abuse. OK, so the build up the abuse the apologies, the romance, the honeymoon phase, which is what you know most domestic violence survivors live for. And then, only to repeat itself again the shaming. The blaming
Serenna Beers: The abuse and then the apologies and then the honeymoon phase, the makeup part of that which you know most survivors love that part. Actually, it said that a lot of
Serenna Beers: People that are abused don't even realize it but they will provoke their abuser because they want to hurry up and get through that cycle to get through the part that feels good. That feels the best
Serenna Beers: Because it can last from anywhere from a night to two days to two weeks depending on you know that per person. So
Serenna Beers: Most of the time. I mean, I don't know too many folks. I mean, I think, a really a folks really knew what they were in
Serenna Beers: You know, I mean, because it's like that saying it's from the outside looking in. We really can't see front wait front from the inside looking out. We can't see as much as somebody from the outside looking in, because we have what we call rose colored glasses on our lenses are jack
Tricia Frederick: Yeah, well, I remember the very, very first time. My ex husband hit me.
Tricia Frederick: I went to my mom.
Tricia Frederick: And my mom told me to go home to my husband.
Tricia Frederick: And that was when I really, really realized that my mom didn't like me.
Tricia Frederick: You know, it was like one of those things beforehand. Before that it was like, Oh, was I just a rebellious teenager and I just thought, my mom didn't like me. Right.
Tricia Frederick: So I went home to my husband and I thought well maybe my dad did it behind closed doors. I don't know. Maybe that's what happened.
Tricia Frederick: So I was there 11 and a half years with my ex husband and during that that was in the first
Tricia Frederick: Two years. I think it was that I was married at my husband and I went home to my mom.
Tricia Frederick: So for 1110
Tricia Frederick: Years, nine years. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Tricia Frederick: But before that, it was an angel.
Tricia Frederick: Course
Serenna Beers: Of course, I mean, that's usually
Serenna Beers: For
Serenna Beers: Perpetrators. It's a very calculated thing. I mean, it's literally
Serenna Beers: A sickness.
Tricia Frederick: It's very. Yeah. And do you know since that day since the day that I left him and I got with Jimmy
Tricia Frederick: Any women and the women. I talked to that are any kind of domestic violence situations I tell them, You gotta get out, you got you got got got to get out because that one time, one time they can go to my friend Emily's well she's not around anymore because her husband killed her.
Tricia Frederick: Sucked in her fucking closet and they found her Valentine's.
Tricia Frederick: On Valentine's Day.
Tricia Frederick: And it was before Christmas. She'd been gone. I've been trying to call her and I kept telling everybody you know something's wrong. Something's wrong. And he said, No Emily's gone back using. It's like, no, no, she hasn't she would never leave her children.
Tricia Frederick: And people. People that deal with attics think that they can use that for the rest of their lives against them.
Mm hmm.
Tricia Frederick: And I felt so bad that actor
Tricia Frederick: This poor girl went through what she went through this guy was gonna try to discredit her and make her look bad. Oh no, that wasn't going to happen with them on my watch. Yeah.
Tricia Frederick: And now in the group when I see
Tricia Frederick: Some of these girls in the same situation. The first thing I do is I look at them and I go, remember, Emily.
Tricia Frederick: And they do.
Tricia Frederick: And I look at them and I say, you know, my one thing I'm always here.
Tricia Frederick: I'm always here.
Tricia Frederick: So if I can do any good use me, you know, so
Tricia Frederick: I'm here you could talk to me. You call me, you know,
Serenna Beers: Anything, just remember though, I just want to that oftentimes, as you know, because you've been in the same spot. You can have the best advice and the best examples to give them but you know as well as I do until somebody is ready to leave. It's almost like it's
Serenna Beers: I know turning, turning, turning a deaf ear, but
Tricia Frederick: It is, but I
Serenna Beers: Think it's great that you're willing to help. Yes it is, right, because if you look like
Serenna Beers: If they knew what you knew they wouldn't situation that they're in. So, so that makes sense. But I think it's nice. At least that you, you know, that's a way of giving back because they say in order to keep it. You have to give it away. I think that
Serenna Beers: Applies on many different levels.
Tricia Frederick: Okay, go.
Serenna Beers: Tell me about because it's 836
Tricia Frederick: Which one I know, Jeremy.
Serenna Beers: I want to know what, what was it like growing up in your fam.
Serenna Beers: fam family specifically. Like, were you raised by a woman, Dad.
Serenna Beers: All the way through.
Serenna Beers: Or do you have your sister or your parents still the notebook. Your parents are deceased.
Tricia Frederick: Correct.
Serenna Beers: Buddy else in within your within your household growing up suffer from mental health or substance abuse or food is gambling or anything.
Tricia Frederick: OK, so my family was basically I'm from the South, so no ass. No. Tell you keep your mouth shut. You don't say nothing. So growing up. I didn't know anything about my family. Okay, even as I grew older, I still to this day don't know a lot about my mother's family.
Tricia Frederick: My father's family and since they're dead. It doesn't matter because mostly all their families get to
Tricia Frederick: So it's one of those things that when growing up.
Tricia Frederick: When my mom and dad both run the household. My dad cheated around a lot.
Tricia Frederick: We lived all over the world.
Tricia Frederick: Of I lived in Vietnam. I was evacuated off of the American Embassy during the Tet Offensive at 1974. Oh yeah, I've had a great life.
Tricia Frederick: I am so so blessed and unbalanced in the same
Tricia Frederick: But now,
Tricia Frederick: Working through all that I'm blessed
Tricia Frederick: I don't know. Mom and Dad, I knew my mom didn't like me. I knew my sister was my mom's favorite. It was only my mom, my sister and I mean
Tricia Frederick: My sister right now is a
Tricia Frederick: Huge, huge opiate addict and she will not listen to me. She will not
Tricia Frederick: So I refuse to even talk to her. I can't even talk to her because she's so she'll not out on the phone with me and and and for me being an addict that really bothers me.
Serenna Beers: Triggers, you
Tricia Frederick: It does so I don't even talk to her anymore. And she's my only living relative, other than her kids and my kids and her son gets in touch with me her daughter just died like last month.
Tricia Frederick: When I talked to my sister, she acted like yeah oh well.
Serenna Beers: Wow.
Tricia Frederick: You know that little girl used to follow me around all over the place.
Serenna Beers: I'm sorry sorry for your loss. What did
Serenna Beers: What did. What did she die from
Tricia Frederick: No idea.
Tricia Frederick: So she lived in Arizona and
Tricia Frederick: When I found out she passed away. I called I called and I got the phone number of her boyfriend.
Tricia Frederick: And I called to him on
Tricia Frederick: On messenger
Tricia Frederick: Mm hmm. And I asked him, you know what, what happened. He says, I don't know, interesting. He goes, you know, he went to bed. He got up about three o'clock in the morning to pee they rest you know they they
Tricia Frederick: She got back in bed. They got comfortable again he woke up in the morning and she was dead.
Tricia Frederick: She was an addict.
Serenna Beers: Um,
Tricia Frederick: He goes, but interesting. She didn't take anything before bedtime.
Tricia Frederick: And I don't believe in
Tricia Frederick: And not only that, but my niece, he would have never known if she took something or not because she never told him, because if he knew she had drugs he take them away.
Tricia Frederick: And use men without so she never told him.
Tricia Frederick: So she could have been. And she was so addicted to spice. So who knows what killed this poor little girl. All I know is this poor little girl.
Tricia Frederick: Always bide for her mother's attention she was so so sexually abused by my mother, my, my sister's husband.
Tricia Frederick: That
Tricia Frederick: I don't think she felt she had a
Tricia Frederick: Thing in this world you know this. I don't think this little girl felt
Tricia Frederick: ANY WORSE.
Tricia Frederick: Than
Serenna Beers: That so good.
Tricia Frederick: No, and my sister just acts like, Oh, well, no, no. Oh well. Somebody's got to cry over this little girl.
Serenna Beers: You have a lot of trauma.
Serenna Beers: A lot of trauma.
Serenna Beers: That's very sad. Tell me, tell me what school was like for you growing up.
Serenna Beers: How far did you complete
Tricia Frederick: I was 483 pounds, you tell me how my school was
Tricia Frederick: A home.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Tricia Frederick: Oh, yeah.
Serenna Beers: Did you struggle with any learning disabilities at all.
Tricia Frederick: No, no, I was very, very smart. I have ADHD. So I'm, I'm very like I can
Tricia Frederick: You know, my mind never stops. So in school, I was. I didn't even have to study this care. Okay. I wish I would have applied myself a lot
Serenna Beers: What about. Were there any events that stood stood out growing up either in your neighborhood or within within your household
Tricia Frederick: What do you mean events. I lived in Saigon during the Tet Offensive, there was a lot hundred bombs going
Serenna Beers: Okay, well, then that would be some events.
Tricia Frederick: That was
Tricia Frederick: Mine uncle sexually abused me for the from the time I was like eight to 12, I think it was 1230 yeah
Serenna Beers: Have you ever sought counseling for any of that.
Tricia Frederick: Yes, ma'am.
Serenna Beers: Okay. Do you feel like that's an issue that is for the most part, resolved, do you think there's some under underlining no
Tricia Frederick: No underlying nothing
Tricia Frederick: Okay, yeah, there's no guilt feelings. There's no no it was nothing. I had nothing to do with this. Yeah, it was everything in his mind.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Tell me about. Okay, so. So had you ever served in the military. No. Okay.
Tricia Frederick: No, my dad was a contractor for
Tricia Frederick: The military so he worked up for computer company.
Tricia Frederick: And he was a consultant. So my mom didn't trust him going through all these places and everything so she decided to drag us all now.
Tricia Frederick: Okay, me being a mother, I would have never taken my children to a war torn country, but my mom because she didn't trust my dad decided to take my sister and I allow your dough.
Serenna Beers: Hmm.
Tricia Frederick: But I'll tell you what I would never change any of the experiences that I had while I was overseas for anything.
Tricia Frederick: You know, let me tell you something every single American citizen has no clue what it's like to live in one of those countries until they do. And then you come back to this country and you tell me how bad you got it just
Tricia Frederick: Just
Tricia Frederick: Wow. Yeah. I think God I had a habit toilet, let alone. Fucking toilet paper.
Tricia Frederick: Happy camper.
Serenna Beers: You actually have somehow
Serenna Beers: All right. Do I actually do too. I was just making a joke, funny thing was is I didn't even stockpile. It's like
Tricia Frederick: Really stockpiling paper. Okay, I could think of a lot other things I'd like to stop playing
Serenna Beers: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Oh, goodness.
Serenna Beers: Hopefully that'll all work itself out.
Tricia Frederick: Oh, let's hope so.
Serenna Beers: Um okay so
Serenna Beers: Do you have any financial or legal issues that you're concerned about
Tricia Frederick: Yeah, always financial
Tricia Frederick: Okay, yeah, my husband works. But, you know,
Tricia Frederick: Yeah, you know,
Tricia Frederick: I don't have any problems really I don't
Tricia Frederick: Things are going really well.
Tricia Frederick: I shouldn't say really well, things are going, as well as can be expected.
Tricia Frederick: Mm hmm. That way.
Tricia Frederick: I mean I don't I'm
Tricia Frederick: The only issue. I'm trying to add right now is I'm just trying to get my
Tricia Frederick: My body in sync with my mind. I just don't, I don't feel good. I'm not sleeping. I just don't feel good at all.
Tricia Frederick: So, you know, I'm just trying to get through this.
Serenna Beers: Okay. And do you are you pretty satisfied with
Serenna Beers: With your medication at this time. Do you feel like it's working.
Tricia Frederick: We mean medication. I mean,
Serenna Beers: Have you started. So you're on the Suboxone right so
Tricia Frederick: For three and a half years.
Serenna Beers: Okay, so, so there's nothing new to change with with that.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Tricia Frederick: No, I'm right now. I'm trying to figure out, I've been having some really, really bad sweats.
Tricia Frederick: Okay, so I remember back about six years ago, no more net about 16 years ago or so I was having really really bad sweats and when I went. They said I was having a cardiac issue so they had to go in and put a skin.
Serenna Beers: Oh my goodness.
Tricia Frederick: So,
Tricia Frederick: That's a little worrisome. So I'm and I can't go check it out right now. I can't check it out until after
Serenna Beers: I saw saying
Tricia Frederick: It's stupid. Yeah. You know, it's just like my husband, um, you know, he hasn't used drugs and a lot longer and I have. Okay. Mm hmm. And yet you know his teeth about blue four years ago started falling out. And we've been waiting to get him some teeth.
Tricia Frederick: Mm hmm. Oh damn. See, I was holding that secret I broke it. Oh, bad, bad, bad
Tricia Frederick: Expensive to break anyway.
Tricia Frederick: So now we finally, finally, finally, finally saved up money to get his teeth gun.
Serenna Beers: Well, uh, hold on. Because that's one of the newest things that they're speaking on. In fact, there was, I think it was yesterday on Fox News, just to give you hopefully maybe a little light.
Serenna Beers: They were talking about one of the first things that they're going to do as far as opening back up the economy is allowing for elective surgeries and medical surgery. Oh.
Tricia Frederick: Oh,
Serenna Beers: So just kind of keep your eyes peeled and maybe check back with with his Dennis because that sounds like that's one of the and where are you at, like,
Tricia Frederick: It.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: So you're in in
Tricia Frederick: In Oregon. No, I'm in. I'm in California, but
Tricia Frederick: We go to Oregon for his dental work we go
Tricia Frederick: Oh, yeah.
Serenna Beers: Oh yeah, so it was Washington, Oregon and California that we're speaking on this. So just kind of keep
Serenna Beers: Your eyes peeled. Wonderful. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Okay, so really quick because then I'll have to go
Serenna Beers: To my other session. Oh, that's okay i I've enjoyed
Serenna Beers: Listening. I have enjoyed, you know, and I wanted to give you as much time as I possibly can because it looks like
Serenna Beers: I mean, if you want to see me more than twice a month that's also fine. But it looks like that. It was requested that that you be seen by a therapist at least twice monthly so
Tricia Frederick: It was
Serenna Beers: It says on there twice monthly, but it also says that your self, self pay. So you know if that's something
Serenna Beers: You know, if you're not rep, or if you're not
Serenna Beers: Ordered by the courts to see me. I mean, it's always good to have a therapist, especially in this time if you
Serenna Beers: Don't make it work, at least at least twice a month, just so you have somebody else to talk to.
Serenna Beers: So, so that would be my recommendation, but I also, you know, I also get it. I mean, folks. Folks have bills and, you know,
Serenna Beers: If
Tricia Frederick: If the right now is a little tough, you know, it's like my husband's working but you know he's there truckers
Tricia Frederick: You know, and it's very, very sporadic right now.
Serenna Beers: Okay, you know, so maybe what we'll do then is is I would ask for you to to call in
Serenna Beers: And and put yourself on my schedule to two weeks out three weeks out
Serenna Beers: Rather than me set up an appointment because that'd
Serenna Beers: Be good.
Serenna Beers: Depend on you and and how you want to move. Okay, but I just want
Serenna Beers: To know that I'm here for you.
Tricia Frederick: Okay, thank you, Sabrina. Thank you very much. And yeah, what I'll do is I'll definitely keep in touch with you.
Serenna Beers: Okay. And then before
Tricia Frederick: I will let you know I do go and see Tony Costa in group. So I am going to group. I do want you to know that because I want you to feel comfortable enough to know that I am doing everything in my toolbox to keep everything kosher.
Serenna Beers: Everything in line. Our alright
Serenna Beers: That works then and then really quick before I get you off the phone. There was one question. I know you mentioned that you have a son, but do you have any other kids and I know that you're married.
Tricia Frederick: Or two, so yes.
Serenna Beers: Okay, and you and you currently live with your husband. Right.
Serenna Beers: Yes.
Serenna Beers: My husband. Perfect.
Tricia Frederick: Okay, I have one son in Nebraska and one son in Arizona.
Serenna Beers: Oh, wow. So there is
Serenna Beers: An opposite ways
Of y'all.
Serenna Beers: And to grant you a man. That is so awesome.
Serenna Beers: That is so great.
Tricia Frederick: But I haven't been, I've not been allowed to see my grant
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Tricia Frederick: Another time
Serenna Beers: Yes, I'm here. And
Tricia Frederick: If
Serenna Beers: If I don't hear from you for a few weeks. Just know that I'll probably ask the VC to get a hold of you. The clinic because sounds like you know maybe there might be some stuff that you still want to work on or work through or just talk about, you know,
Serenna Beers: Yeah.
Tricia Frederick: Okay, I definitely he's a he's a hard one.
Tricia Frederick: Yeah, okay.
Tricia Frederick: You got it.
Serenna Beers: All right, well, you take take care yourself safe.
Serenna Beers: Nathan. Well, and can you do in your diamond painting.
Tricia Frederick: Thank you.
Serenna Beers: Okay, thank you. Okay. All right.
Serenna Beers: Bye bye.